hey guys it is Sarah welcome to the
first that creative life episode of 2016
it's gonna take me so long to clean that
up every new year brings about change I
dropped out of college I want to talk
about my story a little bit my
frustrations with college what I
experienced and what I learned and how
it can apply to your life and also what
does this mean for this channel going
forward and 2016 internet Sarah quick
back story I studied a lot in high
school I did well I graduated in my top
10%
I got a awesome a CT score after so many
terrible a CT sessions I never want to
go back to that I got a academic
scholarship to go to a in-state school
so I was able to stay at home and save a
lot of money during my first three years
of college I started as an electrical
engineering student my third year at the
Texas school I decided to pursue
computer science because I felt like it
had more of a creative edge you know I
could go into web development and all
that stuff when I decided to move to
Nashville this past summer I decided to
enroll in a school here in Tennessee I
lasted one semester and I dropped out
transferring to this fantastic school
for one semester in Tennessee and made
me realize that the specific college
wasn't the problem it was kind of
college as a whole I have been working a
lot and I have gained a ton of
experience outside of college and I just
realized that I did not want to go into
debt to get a piece of paper because the
more I you know learn about myself
during these college years I figured out
that what I was doing in college had
nothing to do with what I wanted to do
in my professional life so now that we
were caught up to present-day I am NOT
in school I am doing a lot of freelance
video work and I am just trying to make
a lot of dope ish I will be building
into this channel a lot into other you
know business ventures and stuff so I am
definitely excited for 2016
but this video I really want to start a
bigger conversation about higher
education in college and let me know in
the comments down below what you were
thinking if you already are in college
or if you're thinking about it you know
there's a lot of different avenues out
there right now so I am curious as to
what you guys have to say but everything
I say now has to do with me in my
circumstances so hopefully you can learn
a little bit from it so some of the
frustrations I had was just one how much
BS that I had to deal with post high
school even if you do transfer an with
lot of AP credits you still have to deal
with a lot of basics which I do not get
once you reach to the college level as a
electrical engineering major my first
few years of college I was still wasting
so much time on English classes on
history classes on so many irrelevant
classes this past fall semester I had a
time travel class we wrote papers and
argued about something that doesn't even
exist it was a blast what I've heard I
think it's different in the UK where you
go to college for what you want to do
there's not a lot of the basics that you
had in high school which would be
fantastic for some reason there are
still so many irrelevant classes that
you have to do in college and in my
opinion it wastes time and it wastes
money
moving on to money college is freaking
expensive luckily at my first few years
of college and Texas it was in-state so
all the scholarship money I got
basically paid for my school and I
stayed at home so I didn't have rent
when I moved to Tennessee I enrolled in
a very awesome university here it is
very well known and it has great
programs however one semester here cost
more money than a entire year at my
in-state school so done
so yes college is expensive but guess
what guys you have the choice if what
you want to do in life has to have a
college degree but you don't have a lot
of money do not go to that $60,000 a
year school in California like taking
out loans is not free money taking out
loans is not free you're gonna have to
pay it and for some people they pay off
college for the rest of their life no
thank you
my biggest problem was the lack of
real-world handles that College gives
you and I know I know people tell you
that all those classes that you go
through and you know the four years of
college that you go through teaches you
how to think you know they can't prepare
you for what you need to do in life but
they teach you how to think in to some
extent that is totally true I was
exposed to things that I would never be
exposed to if it weren't for it that
atmosphere but it doesn't take four to
six years to teach us how to think in
quick sidenote I have learned more about
myself and more about different people
and connecting to different cultures and
talking to people I don't know I have
learned more about that by kind of just
getting out of my comfort zone and
traveling or in the workplace or
anything like that I have learned more
in those atmospheres than I ever have in
a classroom
I lost frustration and this kind of has
to do with high school there is no like
adulting class in high school why why is
there not one class that teaches you
about taxes teaches you about loans it
teaches you about cooking about rent
about wool blah all this stuff not
everyone needs calculus but everyone is
going to have to do taxes once in their
life so what are some handles that you
can take away from this I think you
should start educating yourself right
now on the process of higher education
if you're in high school or if you are
you know a young adult thinking about
going back to college talk to people
about loans talk to people about the
interest rate and how long you're gonna
have to be paying it off and what those
payments are gonna look like if you are
being a lawyer or a doctor or an
engineer or something flippin awesome
and you know that you'll have a job in
the future that will provide for you and
that will enable you to pay off those
loans go for it be smart about it
but go for it only the majority of the
crowd I'm talking to has some interest
in creative fields and I think College
can be valuable for some reasons these
past few years I have truly learned so
much about myself and a lot of that has
to do with what I was doing outside of
college but going to college did provide
me that cushion of like hey I'm being
responsible you know while doing all
these other things but now that I've
found exactly what I want to do
I'm just pursuing that full force so if
you think you are interested in video or
photo or web development or anything in
the creative field know that there there
are real jobs out there for you that yes
a college degree might be able to help
but I promise you I promise you
experience and getting out there and
doing it and working and finding a
apprentice and just going to someone in
that field that you want to go into and
saying hey I'm here to help I'm gonna
help you you teach me how you do
whatever you do and really just being a
sponge of information and going out into
the world and doing it has so much value
it has so much more value than sitting
in a classroom what would that look like
for you maybe you take one year after
high school and live at your parents
house or whatever your living situation
is maybe you have to you know work a
hourly job just so you can pursue what
you want to do from 6 p.m. until 12 a.m.
every person circumstance is different
but I promise you if you just take some
time to work and even if it is not
something you're interested in I promise
you if you're doing something you
absolutely hate you will fall into what
you love to do you will find it and it
will be that thing that you're doing
until 4:00 a.m. in the morning it'll be
that thing that gets you super excited
you know every time I finish a video I
get super giddy about it if you have the
opportunity to travel travel if you have
the opportunity to apprentice under
someone do it if you have no idea what
you want to do maybe enroll in that
community college that doesn't cost a
lot but at the same time you're working
towards something that's productive
enroll in a in-state college that isn't
as expensive and you can take different
classes and you can experiment there is
no one right path for everyone but I
know for me I have just been so grateful
for the experiences I've had the past
few years outside of college whether
it's working whether it's at my church
traveling traveling has played such a
huge part of who I am today
the last thing I will say about this is
if you're in high school work your butt
off no matter what you think you want to
do in life you will never regret working
your butt off and high
school getting that good a CT score
graduating in the top 10% that will
always be beneficial to you with your
options post high school if you are in
high school or in the middle of college
you know exactly what you want to do in
life and you are super confident and who
you are and confident in your skills
never let someone convince you that your
ideas and dreams are stupid just because
you are young I know this is probably
already a long video but I really do
want to create a discussion on this and
so what does this mean for this channel
going forward what does this mean for
2016 Internet Sarah well with these that
creative life videos I do want to have a
more structured format and really share
the process and what I'm doing with
freelance video work and anything that I
learn and experience and that I can come
back and share it with you guys I am
just trying to figure out this thing
called life just like you I really want
to step up my game with quality and
consistency so you can expect that new
video every single Tuesday 8:00 p.m. on
the dot and new content on my website
every single day at 8 p.m. on the dots
along with freelance work in this
channel I am going to try to pursue
different business opportunities and
also the second youtube channel that I
will hopefully be launching this year I
am truly going to try to live out that
creative life this year and I want you
guys along with me for the journey so
join the conversation with me on
snapchat Instagram Twitter subscribe to
this YouTube channel and I want to talk
to you guys so don't be afraid to snap
me to tweet me whatever you guys do and
one last thing I want to give away
something if you have the 15 inch
MacBook Pro Retina or I think this will
work with the 15 inch MacBook Pro the
number one as well I want to give away
this like white black marble laptop skin
it's basically just like a big sticker
but it makes your laptop look really
cool I've always had a big society6
sticker on the back of my laptop for
many years but I have decided to just
rock no sticker for a little bit and I
decided that after I bought this so I
thought I should give this away to one
of you
if you want to tweet me you can tweet me
and say yo I want that laptop skin or
you can think of something clever to do
I appreciate puns so if you can come up
with a pun you'll probably win this let
me know if you like this video hit that
subscribe button and I will see you next
week for the inspirational video part 2
stay creative